it pleased her ass to set over the
kingdom 100
say traps to be over the whole kingdom
and over these three governors of whom
Daniel was one that the say traps might
give a count to them so that the king
would suffer no loss them this Daniel
distinguished himself above the
governor's and say traps because an
excellent spirit was in him and the king
gave thought to setting him over the
whole realm so the governors and say
traps sought to find some charge against
Daniel concerning the kingdom but they
could find no charge or fault because he
was faithful nor was there any error or
fault found in him then these man said
we shall not find any charge against
this Daniel unless we find it against
him concerning the law of his God
so these governors and say traps
thronged before the king King Darius
live forever all the governors of the
kingdom the administrators and say traps
the counselors and advisers have
consulted together to establish a royal
statute and to make a firm decree that
whoever petitions any God or man for 30
days except you
o King shall be cast into the den of
lions now o King established the decree
and signed the writing so that it cannot
be changed according to the law of the
Medes and Persians which does not alter
therefore King Darius signed the written
decree
I went Daniel knew that the writing was
signed he went home and in his upper
room with his windows open toward
Jerusalem he knelt down on his knees
three times that day and prayed and gave
thanks for for his God as was his custom
since early days then these men
assembled and found Daniel praying and
making supplication before his God and
they went before the king and spoke
concerning the Kings decree have you not
signed a decree that every man who
petitions any God or man within 30 days
except you Hokie shall be cast into the
den of lions the thing is true according
to the law of the Medes and Persians
which does not alter that Daniel who is
one of the captives from Judah does not
show due regard for you O king or for
the decree that you have signed but
makes his petition three times a day and
the king when he heard these words was
greatly displeased with himself and set
his heart on Daniel to deliver him and
he labored till the going down of the
Sun to deliver him then these men
approached the King know o king that it
is the law of the Medes and Persians
that no decree or statute which the king
establishes may be changed the king gave
the command and they brought Daniel and
cast him into the den of lions but the
King spoke saying to Daniel your God
whom you serve continually he would
then a stone was brought and laid on the
mouth of the den and the King sealed it
with his own signet ring and with the
cygnets of his laws that the purpose
concerning Daniel might not be changed
now the king went to his palace and
spent the night fasting and no musicians
were brought before him also his sleep
went from him then the King arose very
early in the morning and went in haste
to the den of lions when he came to the
den he cried out with a lemon ting voice
to Daniel Daniel servants of the Living
God has your God whom you serve
continually been able to deliver you
from the Lions Oh King live forever my
God sent his angel and shut the Lions
mouths so that they have not hurt me
because I was found innocent before him
and also o King I have done no wrong
before you now the king was exceedingly
glad for him and commanded that they
should take Daniel up out of the den so
Daniel was taken up out of the den and
no injury whatever was found on him
because he believed in his God and the
king gave the command and they brought
those men who had accused Daniel and
they cast them into the den of lions
then their children and their wives
the Lions overpowered them and broke all
their bones in pieces before they ever
came to the bottom of the dam then King
Darius wrote to all peoples nations and
languages that dwell in all the earth
peace be multiplied to you I make a
decree that in every dominion of my
kingdom
men must tremble and fear before the god
of Daniel for he is the Living God and
steadfast forever his kingdom is the one
which shall not be destroyed and his
Dominion shall endure to the end he
delivers and rescues and he works signs
and wonders in heaven and on earth who
has delivered Daniel from the power of
the Lions
so this Daniel prospered in the reign of
Darius and in the reign of Cyrus the
Persian